car	Amy Sherman-Palladino	I grew up where my parents would literally shove me in the car rather than have to say hello to a neighbor.cool	Robert Pattinson	Sometimes just when I say hello the right way, I'm like, 'Whoa, I'm so cool.'dreams	John Mayer	My fear is that I go up to the girl of my dreams and say 'I'm sorry, but I've got to say hello to you,' and she slides the stool back and gets up and walks away, saying, 'Not for me, Bub. I don't want anything to do with you.'famous	David Oyelowo	I know I had my equivalents in Adrian Lester and Lenny James when I was at drama school. I remember David Harewood doing 'Othello' at the National, and Adrian Lester having done Cheek by Jowl's famous 'As You Like It and Company' at the Donmar. Not necessarily performances I saw, but just the fact they happened was massively encouraging.fear	John Mayer	My fear is that I go up to the girl of my dreams and say 'I'm sorry, but I've got to say hello to you,' and she slides the stool back and gets up and walks away, saying, 'Not for me, Bub. I don't want anything to do with you.'funny	Julie Walters	Everyone comes up to me saying, 'Cooee, Julie! Hello!' as if I know them. Of course I don't bloody know them. Am I flummoxed by it? Sometimes. I think, 'Ooh, love, go easy.' For a time, I did feel this pressure that I had to be funny, but it passes.learning	Cher	I'm learning English at the moment. I can say 'Big Ben', 'Hello Rodney', 'Tower Bridge' and 'Loo'.life	Jimi Hendrix	The story of life is quicker then the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.love	Jimi Hendrix	The story of life is quicker then the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.pet	Rebecca Hall	There are people all over the world who like to write fan letters in the voice of their pet: 'Hello, my name is Fifi and I'm a labrador and I think you're great. Paw paw!'sad	Ernie Harwell	It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.time	Ernie Harwell	It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.work	Mindy Kaling	You should never have to say hello or goodbye. Even at work sometimes, and I know this is very unpopular, is that if I'm going to work every single day, I don't think you should have to hug people hello every single day when you come to work. I saw you Monday!